Template: msttcorefonts/dldir
Type: string
_Description: Directory holding MS fonts (if already downloaded):
 If you have already downloaded Microsoft's TrueType Core Fonts for the web,
 type the name of the directory which contains them. Those files are in the
 Microsoft Windows self-installing format, and are named andale32.exe,
 arial32.exe, arialb32.exe, comic32.exe, courie32.exe, georgi32.exe,
 impact32.exe, times32.exe, trebuc32.exe, verdan32.exe and webdin32.exe.
 .
 If you haven't yet downloaded these fonts, leave this blank and the fonts
 will be downloaded for you. Approximately 4 MB will need to be downloaded.
 .
 If you are not connected to the internet or do not wish to download these
 fonts now, enter "none" to abort. 

Template: msttcorefonts/baddldir
Type: error
_Description: Font files not found
 The directory you entered either did not exist, did not contain the
 Microsoft TrueType Core Fonts for the Web Microsoft Windows 9x self
 installing executables, or those executables did not match the versions
 expected by this script.  Please re-enter the directory containing the
 Microsoft font files or enter "none" to abort.

Template: msttcorefonts/savedir
Type: string
_Description: Where should these files be archived (optional):
 If you would like to keep a permanent archive of the compressed Windows
 self extracting files, enter the directory where you'd like them stored. 
 If you leave this blank, the files will be deleted after installation.

Template: msttcorefonts/dlurl
Type: string
_Description: Mirror to download from:
 This package already contains a built-in set of mirrors, which should
 be sufficient for most people. However, if you'd like to use a
 different (possibly local) mirror instead, please enter the full URL
 to the directory containing the relevant files here. If not, just
 leave the field blank.

Template: msttcorefonts/http_proxy
Type: string
_Description: HTTP proxy to use:
 If you need to use a proxy server, please enter it here (example:
 http://192.168.0.1:8080). This will cause the font files to be
 downloaded using your proxy.
 .
 Leave this option blank if you don't use a proxy server.

Template: msttcorefonts/present-mscorefonts-eula
Type: note
Description: TrueType core fonts for the Web EULA 
 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR
 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE
 .
 IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This Microsoft End-User License Agreement
 ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a
 single entity) and Microsoft Corporation for the Microsoft software
 accompanying this EULA, which includes computer software and may
 include associated media, printed materials, and "on-line" or
 electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE PRODUCT" or "SOFTWARE"). By
 exercising your rights to make and use copies of the SOFTWARE
 PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do
 not agree to the terms of this EULA, you may not use the SOFTWARE
 PRODUCT.
 .
 SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE
 The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international
 copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
 treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.
 .
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE. This EULA grants you the following rights:
 .
  • Installation and Use. You may install and use an unlimited number
    of copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
  • Reproduction and Distribution. You may reproduce and distribute
    an unlimited number of copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT; provided
    that each copy shall be a true and complete copy, including all
    copyright and trademark notices, and shall be accompanied by a
    copy of this EULA. Copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may not be
    distributed for profit either on a standalone basis or included
    as part of your own product.
 .
 2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
 .
  • Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and
    Disassembly. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or
    disassemble the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, except and only to the extent
    that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law
    notwithstanding this limitation.
  • Restrictions on Alteration. You may not rename, edit or create
    any derivative works from the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, other than
    subsetting when embedding them in documents.
  • Software Transfer. You may permanently transfer all of your
    rights under this EULA, provided the recipient agrees to the
    terms of this EULA.
  • Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may
    terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and
    conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all
    copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and all of its component parts.
 .
 3. COPYRIGHT. All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
 (including but not limited to any images, text, and "applets"
 incorporated into the SOFTWARE PRODUCT), the accompanying printed
 materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT are owned by
 Microsoft or its suppliers. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by
 copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore, you
 must treat the SOFTWARE PRODUCT like any other copyrighted material.
 .
 4. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and
 documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication,
 or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set
 forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and
 Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)
 (1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights
 at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable. Manufacturer is Microsoft
 Corporation/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399.
 .
 LIMITED WARRANTY
 .
 NO WARRANTIES. Microsoft expressly disclaims any warranty for the
 SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any related documentation
 is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or
 implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or
 merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
 noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of
 the SOFTWARE PRODUCT remains with you.
 .
 NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. In no event shall Microsoft
 or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including,
 without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business
 interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary
 loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this Microsoft
 product, even if Microsoft has been advised of the possibility of
 such damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the
 exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental
 damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
 .
 MISCELLANEOUS
 .
 If you acquired this product in the United States, this EULA is
 governed by the laws of the State of Washington.
 .
 If this product was acquired outside the United States, then local
 laws may apply.
 .
 Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire
 to contact Microsoft for any reason, please contact the Microsoft
 subsidiary serving your country, or write: Microsoft Sales
 Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399.
 .
 Reference: http://www.microsoft.com/typography/fontpack/eula.htm

Template: msttcorefonts/accepted-mscorefonts-eula
Type: boolean
Default: false
_Description: Do you accept the EULA license terms?
 In order to install this package, you must accept the license terms, the
 "TrueType core fonts for the Web EULA ". Not accepting will cancel the
 installation.

Template: msttcorefonts/error-mscorefonts-eula
Type: error
_Description: Declined "TrueType core fonts for the Web EULA "
 If you do not agree to the "TrueType core fonts for the Web EULA " license
 terms you cannot install this software.
 .
 The installation of this package will be canceled.
